# DynApp2

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.1.0.

```
ng new dyn-app2
cd dyn-app2
ng generate application tch
ng generate application eft
yarn install
```
> All are CSS and No for SSR.

Update `.gitignore` to ignore `yarn.lock` and `package-lock.json` file.

## Special build and test steps

This Angular has one main App and two application.
- Run the following commands to build and testing 2 app first.
```
npm run build-projects
```
This is same as: `ng build tch --output-hashing=none && ng build eft --output-hashing=none`

- Test these two application by themselves
```
ng serve tch
ng serve eft
```

- Run the following command to build and testing all app together.
```
npm run build-hashnone
```

- Test all application together
```
ng serve
```

It shows two application on top, and then flip between two application when clicks the button.

# Generated by the "ng new dyn-app2" command

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
